hey my friendly building inspector so am
I going to get my certificate of
occupancy today okay pal here's a story
first you are missing all of your exit
route 88 Braille signs according to
California Building Code section 1
double O 3 286 not one but those aren't
in the blueprints I have there in the
code plus signs are among the most
important code and design elements of a
building also several of the
installation locations on your signs are
not up to code hey we didn't put them up
the sign company put them up the design
company screw-up third the lettering on
your pool rules isn't up to code
lettering needs to be four inch minimal
fourth you're missing a whole bunch of
door identification signs but all these
signs you want they're not in my budget
what am I gonna tell the owner hey pal
code is code get it right so so what are
you saying am I not getting my
certificate of occupancy here's her
punch list sorry no c of o today call me
to get this fixed will schedule another
inspection oh man how am I going to turn
this building over by Monday
so do I get my fire department sign-offs
today I don't like some of your signs
you know that just not what we like here
in this jurisdiction you know your fire
exact maps don't have the installation
location of the fire poles or the proper
location of the fire extinguishers you
know and also here in our jurisdiction
we like to have the path of egress
marked in green not red like you have it
sorry no sign offs today call me when
you get all this stuff fixed we'll come
out reschedule another inspection by the
way these are some of the ugliest signs
I think I've ever seen when signs are an
afterthought bad things can happen a
wolf pack sign group we're experts in
signage for multifamily housing projects
and commercial construction a creative
in-house team designs and fabricates
vibrant signs from quality materials
that are cost engineered to bring
maximum value for the buck as a sign
company we know the codes that exist in
our industry after we create the entire
sign package we run it past the fire
marshal and building inspector to get
pre-approvals we understand timelines
and deliver on our promises we make sure
the process is constantly moving forward
meet with us hear our story see samples
of recently completed projects and learn
how wolf pack sign group can be your
valued signage partner
you